PRIVACY POLICY MODEL FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application KIDS PLAYGROUND Application for mobile devices that was created by ALC 4.0, ADD TEAM 40. The Application is a simple app that shows the English alphabets in a fun interactive way for kids to learn and also ask them to match pictures to alphabets to help assess their understanding.
 
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information 
This Application does not collect nor require user information.

Automatically Collected Information 
 
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to the type of mobile device you use.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. 
 
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
This app does not require or allow any third party usage of information.  
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
There is no retention of data on this app. 
Children
 This app does not solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
 
Security
This app is does is security conscious hence does not collect or share data from or with anyone, however its important to know that no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
 
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
 
Your Consent
By using the Application, you agreed to the terms stipulated in this privacy policy.
 
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at www.https://github.com/ime01/ime01.github.io.git

